$Id: readme,v 1.7 1999/12/15 01:35:28 akv Exp $
	
Tomcat 3.0

All classes are written exclusively in the Java(tm) Programming
Language and may be used with and JRE 1.1 conformant system,
including Java2 conformant systems.

You should read the License Agreement which applies to this
software.

At this time, the documentation for this release is primarily:

     This README document
     A FAQ on some Tomcat specifics
     The JavaDoc documentation
     API Examples

RUNNING THE SERVER
------------------

In order to run the Server it is necessary to have installed a compliant
JDK. You must also have the "java" program available in your path (set
using the PATH environment variable). More information can be found at
http://java.sun.com/products/jdk.

If you are using JDK 1.2, tools.jar (which can be found in
/path/to/jdk1.2/lib/tools.jar) needs to be in your
CLASSPATH. tools.jar contains "javac" which is used by the JSP engine
to compile the servlets generated from .jsp's.

There is a Unix based Korn Shell Script and a Windows based Batch File
provided in the installation directory. To start up the server on Unix:

     % startup.sh

To start up the server on Windows

     C:\tomcat\> startup

Once the server is running, you can use any web browser to browse

     http://localhost:8080

and you will be browsing pages served from the server. You can read
the JavaDoc documentation for the javax.servlet packages as well as
see some JSP and servlet examples.

To stop the server, use the following commands:

    Unix: 		% shutdown.sh
    Windows: 		> shutdown

KNOWN BUGS AND ISSUES
---------------------

1. Automatic servlet reloading is not implemented in Tomcat. 

2. The web server crashes with a StackOverflowException if there
   is infinite recursion in RequestDispatcher.forward/include or
   <jsp:forward/include .../>.

3. The JSP container may generate invalid Java code from JSP pages if
   multiple pages are being accessed for the first time at roughly the
   same time. This results in a compilation error. A work-around is to 
   access the JSP pages one at the time to get correct code generated.
   When the code is generated and compiled, there are no known
   multi-threading issues.  

TROUBLESHOOTING
---------------

On a Windows 95/98 machine you may see an "Out of Environment Space"
error message when starting the server. This is caused by Windows
providing too small a space for environment variables. To work around
this limitation:

	Close the DOS window (the error can corrupt its CLASSPATH variable)
	Open a new MS-DOS window
	Click on the MS-DOS icon at the top-left of the Window
	Select teh Properties option
	Click on the "Memory" tab
	Adjust the "Initial Environment" drop-down box from "Auto" to "2816"
	Click on OK
	Start the server



